docs: Adding brief documentation to coreComponent packages (#3352)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/common/CMakeLists.txt

#==================================================================================================
# Package : common
#

> # Contains the definition of static types : data types, messaging and formatting

Reviewer: What do you think of:
```suggestion
# Contains the definition of the basic static types of GEOS.
# Also provides commonly used components for such as logging, formatting, memory and wrapper of dependencies.
```
